feat: add Embla initialization hooks (#145)
rtCamp/core-carousel: docs/API.md

## Store Namespace
`rt-carousel/carousel`

## Embla Initialization Filters

rtCarousel exposes JavaScript filters immediately before calling `EmblaCarousel( viewport, options, plugins )`, allowing runtime customization without changing saved block markup.

```js
import { addFilter } from '@wordpress/hooks';
import AutoHeight from 'embla-carousel-auto-height';

addFilter(
    'rtcamp.carouselKit.emblaOptions',
    'my-plugin/custom-options',
    ( options ) => ( { ...options, duration: 40 } )
);

addFilter(
    'rtcamp.carouselKit.emblaPlugins',
    'my-plugin/auto-height',
    ( plugins ) => [ ...plugins, AutoHeight() ]
);
```

> Both filters receive the carousel context object as the third argument. `rtcamp.carouselKit.emblaPlugins` also receives the filtered options on `options`.

Reviewer: Contradicting statement:  In `@wordpress/hooks`, the first argument passed to a filter callback is the filtered value (i.e. options or plugins).

`applyFilters( 'hookName', content, arg1, arg2, moreArgs, finalArg )`

The registered callback will receive filterContext as its second argument (not the third).
https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-hooks/

So the second argument received by the callback is not the "carousel context object", but rather a wrapper filterContext object containing the context property along with root, viewport, etc.

```suggestion
Both filters receive the filter context object as the second argument of the callback. `rtcamp.carouselKit.emblaPlugins` also receives the filtered options on the `options` property of this object.
```
